---
description: >-
  Announcing the latest product update, version 2.0.4, released on September 14th,
  2024.
---

## Introduction
In this update, we enhanced our conditiopnal containers and canvas.

## New Features

1. **UI and Data State Retention for Conditional Containers and Tab Bar**
Conditional containers and tab bar components now support preserving their UI and data state after switching, enhancing the user experience when toggling between views.

2. **All Page Mode**
All pages mode has been added to the web, allowing for easier page selection (shortcut: cmd/ctrl + P).

3. **Actionflow Vector Search**
The "Get Data" node in Actionflow now supports vector search for improved data querying.

4. **Version Switching for Code Components**
Code components now support switching between different versions.

## Feature Optimizations

1. **Canvas Improvements**
   * The left sidebar automatically scrolls to the selected component (if enough space is available).
   * A new "Paste to Page" option has been added to the right-click menu for pages.
  
Please see more details about our updates in the [video]()

### **About Momen**

[Momen](https://momen.app/?channel=blog-about) is a no-code web app builder, allows users to build fully customizable web apps, marketplaces, Social Networks, AI Apps, Enterprise SaaS, and much more. You can iterate and refine your projects in real-time, ensuring a seamless creation process. Meanwhile, Momen offers powerful API integration capabilities, allowing you to connect your projects to any service you need. With Momen, you can bring your ideas to life and build remarkable digital solutions and get your web app products to market faster than ever before.
