---
description: >-
  Announcing the latest product update, version 2.0.4, released on September 14th,
  2024.
---

## Introduction
In this update, we enhanced our conditiopnal containers and canvas.

## New Features

1. **UI and Data State Retention for Conditional Containers and Tab Bar**
Conditional containers and tab bar components now support preserving their UI and data state after switching, enhancing the user experience when toggling between views.

2. **All Page Mode**
All pages mode has been added to the web, allowing for easier page selection (shortcut: cmd/ctrl + P).

3. **Actionflow Vector Search**
The "Get Data" node in Actionflow now supports vector search for improved data querying.

4. **Version Switching for Code Components**
Code components now support switching between different versions.

## Feature Optimizations

1. **Canvas Improvements**
   * The left sidebar automatically scrolls to the selected component (if enough space is available).
   * A new "Paste to Page" option has been added to the right-click menu for pages.

## Bug Fixes

1. Fixed an issue where the project occasionally failed to open due to the diff save mechanism.
2. Fixed an issue where page data couldn't be assigned after enabling the "List" option.
3. Fixed an issue with abnormal data display when switching between tab bar views.
5. Fixed a crash caused by inputting large numbers into the AI max token limit.
6. Fixed an issue where the default condition could be deleted after dragging.
7. Fixed a crash caused by incorrect cron expressions in scheduled tasks.
8. Fixed an issue where the deployment success prompt persisted after backend deployment succeeded.
9. Fixed an issue where the "Hover" switch in the right sidebar wouldn't change state after being turned on.
10. Fixed an issue where the order table could incorrectly select the account table in payment configurations.
11. Fixed styling issues in the custom domain configuration.
12. Fixed an issue where web page paths were not unique after configuring the HTML path.
13. Fixed unclear wording in some parts of the AI configuration.
14. Fixed an issue where lists would trigger a refresh action, but the view wouldn't refresh.
15. Fixed an issue where fields displayed "null" when SEO was enabled but not configured.
  
Please see more details about our updates in the [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HGdbwdMOJc&list=PLvdix_Sk3fBon4bY6PYHbUQrcuv7TmfEz&index=4)

### **About Momen**

[Momen](https://momen.app/?channel=blog-about) is a no-code web app builder, allows users to build fully customizable web apps, marketplaces, Social Networks, AI Apps, Enterprise SaaS, and much more. You can iterate and refine your projects in real-time, ensuring a seamless creation process. Meanwhile, Momen offers powerful API integration capabilities, allowing you to connect your projects to any service you need. With Momen, you can bring your ideas to life and build remarkable digital solutions and get your web app products to market faster than ever before.
