---
description: >-
  Announcing the latest product update, version 2.0.5, released on October 10th,
  2024
---

# V2.0.5 - 2024.10.10

### Introduction

In this update, we enhanced our conditional containers and canvas.

### Feature Enhancements

1\. **Canvas Optimization**

* &#x20;Added right-click operations to the top toolbar, supporting actions such as page copying.
* Automatically convert units when switching component width and height units.

2\. **Collaborative Experience and Performance:**&#x20;

* Improved the experience and performance for multi-client collaborative applications.

### Bug Fixes

1\. Fixed an issue where Actionflow filters were failing.

2\. Fixed the issue where text color settings in the data selector were not applied.

3\. Fixed styling issues in the tab bar component.

4\. Fixed an issue where background images were not tiled correctly.

5\. Fixed the failure to deploy after importing large files via AI.

6\. Fixed the issue where project activation failed.\


#### **About Momen**

[Momen](https://momen.app/?channel=blog-about) is a no-code web app builder, allows users to build fully customizable web apps, marketplaces, Social Networks, AI Apps, Enterprise SaaS, and much more. You can iterate and refine your projects in real-time, ensuring a seamless creation process. Meanwhile, Momen offers powerful API integration capabilities, allowing you to connect your projects to any service you need. With Momen, you can bring your ideas to life and build remarkable digital solutions and get your web app products to market faster than ever before.
