---
description: >-
  Announcing the latest product update, version 2.0.6, released on October 31st,
  2024
---

# V2.0.6 - 2024.10.31

### New Features

1. Log Service: Users can now view project logs, currently focused on gateway-related logs, such as connection attempts and error messages. More types will be added soon.
2. Canvas: Users can now select multiple components for uniform adjustments to properties such as positioning, size, and background color. This update also allows users to create a view after making multiple selections.
3. My Wallet: Users can purchase plans and computing resources using credits (does not support recharge for now), with a new coupon feature added for discounts.
4. Affiliate Program: Users can invite others to use Momen. For every paid referral, they can earn a commission.
5. Onboarding: New users can now enter an invitation code during registration.

### Feature Enhancements

1. Data Binding: Visuals and interactions have been optimized, and users can now copy and paste data a set of bindings for improved efficiency.
2. Actionflow: Users can now copy and paste a single node each time within Actionflow.

### Bug Fixes

1. Resolved an issue where errors were not displayed in the condition configuration pop-up, improving troubleshooting.
2. Fixed formatting issues in input boxes to enhance usability.
3. Addressed anomalies in the usage of the map component, ensuring more reliable functionality.
4. Corrected style issues with view component selections for a more consistent user experience.
5. Fixed the inability to locate configuration errors in Actionflows, aiding users in error resolution.
6. Resolved issues with abnormal Actionflow triggers to ensure smoother operation.



#### **About Momen**

[Momen](https://momen.app/?channel=blog-about) is a no-code web app builder, allows users to build fully customizable web apps, marketplaces, Social Networks, AI Apps, Enterprise SaaS, and much more. You can iterate and refine your projects in real-time, ensuring a seamless creation process. Meanwhile, Momen offers powerful API integration capabilities, allowing you to connect your projects to any service you need. With Momen, you can bring your ideas to life and build remarkable digital solutions and get your web app products to market faster than ever before.
